index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Hello World!
tagline: Supporting tagline
---
{% include JB/setup %}

Read [Jekyll Quick Start](http://jekyllbootstrap.com/usage/jekyll-quick-start.html)

Complete usage and documentation available at: [Jekyll Bootstrap](http://jekyllbootstrap.com)

## Update Author Attributes

In `_config.yml` remember to specify your own data:
    
    title : My Blog =)
    
    author :
      name : Name Lastname
      email : blah@email.test
      github : username
      twitter : username

The theme should reference these variables whenever needed.
    
## Sample Posts

This blog contains sample posts which help stage pages and blog data.
When you don't need the samples anymore just delete the `_posts/core-samples` folder.

    $ rm -rf _posts/core-samples

Here's a sample "posts list".

<ul class="posts">
  {% for post in site.posts %}
    <li><span>{{ post.date | date_to_string }}</span> &raquo; <a href="{{ BASE_PATH }}{{ post.url }}">{{ post.title }}</a></li>
  {% endfor %}
</ul>

## To-Do

This theme is still unfinished. If you'd like to be added as a contributor, [please fork](http://github.com/plusjade/jekyll-bootstrap)!
We need to clean up the themes, make theme usage guides with theme-specific markup examples.

Commit message:

include first two weeks' posts

index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: R-sessions
tagline: MSc. Epi and PhD-CIH Programs - LMU München
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Welcome to R-sessions WS15/16!
This is a webpage where you'll be able to find extra materials and interesting information about the R course WS15/16. This course is aimed at the MSc. Epidemiology and PhD-CIH students at the [LMU - München](http://www.uni-muenchen.de). You're welcome to browse the webpage and explore all the materials available so far!

### MSc. Epidemiology Webpage
All oficial materials concerning the R course will be uploaded to the [MSc. Epidemiology Webpage](http://www.en.msc-epidemiologie.med.uni-muenchen.de/msc/teaching/winterterm15_16/quantitative_methodes/index.html).

### Authors and Contributors
This webpage was coded and designed by [@darokun](https://github.com/darokun) using [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/), [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/), [Jekyll Bootstrap](http://jekyllbootstrap.com/) and [Jekyll Themes](http://jekyllthemes.org/). You're free to take a look at, modify, or use the code in this project.

    
## News
You may find all current information about these sessions here:


<ul class="posts">
  {% for post in site.posts %}
    <li><span>{{ post.date | date_to_string }}</span> &raquo; <a href="{{ BASE_PATH }}{{ post.url }}">{{ post.title }}</a></li>
  {% endfor %}
</ul>


### Support or Contact
If you need anything, do not hesitate to write me an e-mail at <daloha.rodriguez@campus.lmu.de> or <daloharodriguez@gmail.com>.
